# cloudflare_dart.model.DnssecDnssec

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:cloudflare_dart/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**algorithm** | **String** | Algorithm key code. | [optional] 
**digest** | **String** | Digest hash. | [optional] 
**digestAlgorithm** | **String** | Type of digest algorithm. | [optional] 
**digestType** | **String** | Coded type for digest algorithm. | [optional] 
**dnssecMultiSigner** | **bool** | If true, multi-signer DNSSEC is enabled on the zone, allowing multiple providers to serve a DNSSEC-signed zone at the same time. This is required for DNSKEY records (except those automatically generated by Cloudflare) to be added to the zone.  See [Multi-signer DNSSEC](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/dnssec/multi-signer-dnssec/) for details. | [optional] 
**dnssecPresigned** | **bool** | If true, allows Cloudflare to transfer in a DNSSEC-signed zone including signatures from an external provider, without requiring Cloudflare to sign any records on the fly.  Note that this feature has some limitations. See [Cloudflare as Secondary](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/zone-setups/zone-transfers/cloudflare-as-secondary/setup/#dnssec) for details. | [optional] 
**dnssecUseNsec3** | **bool** | If true, enables the use of NSEC3 together with DNSSEC on the zone. Combined with setting dnssec_presigned to true, this enables the use of NSEC3 records when transferring in from an external provider. If dnssec_presigned is instead set to false (default), NSEC3 records will be generated and signed at request time.  See [DNSSEC with NSEC3](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/dnssec/enable-nsec3/) for details. | [optional] 
**ds** | **String** | Full DS record. | [optional] 
**flags** | **num** | Flag for DNSSEC record. | [optional] 
**keyTag** | **num** | Code for key tag. | [optional] 
**keyType** | **String** | Algorithm key type. | [optional] 
**modifiedOn** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) | When DNSSEC was last modified. | [optional] 
**publicKey** | **String** | Public key for DS record. | [optional] 
**status** | [**DnssecStatus**](DnssecStatus.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


